Extend MTEB to french datasets (#174)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: README.md

| [Bornholm parallel](https://aclanthology.org/W19-6138/)                                                                                                               | [strombergnlp/bornholmsk_parallel](https://huggingface.co/datasets/strombergnlp/bornholmsk_parallel)                                 | Danish Bornholmsk Parallel Corpus.                                                                                                                                                                               | BitextMining       | s2s      |          2 |            100 |          100 |           100 |               64.6 |             86.2 |              89.7 |

> | [DiaBLaBitextMining](https://inria.hal.science/hal-03021633) | [rbawden/DiaBLa](https://huggingface.co/datasets/rbawden/DiaBLa) | English-French Parallel Corpus. DiaBLa is an Englis-French dataset for the evaluation of Machine Translation (MT) for informal, written bilingual dialogue. | BitextMining | s2s | 1 | 5748 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [DiaBLaBitextMining](https://inria.hal.science/hal-03021633) | [rbawden/DiaBLa](https://huggingface.co/datasets/rbawden/DiaBLa) | English-French Parallel Corpus. DiaBLa is an Englisg-French dataset for the evaluation of Machine Translation (MT) for informal, written bilingual dialogue. | BitextMining | s2s | 1 | 5748 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
```

| [StackOverflowDupQuestions](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/uploads/prod/2019/03/nl4se18LinkSO.pdf)                                                          | [mteb/stackoverflowdupquestions-reranking](https://huggingface.co/datasets/mteb/stackoverflowdupquestions-reranking)                 | Stack Overflow Duplicate Questions Task for questions with the tags Java, JavaScript and Python                                                                                                                  | Reranking          | s2s      |          1 |          23018 |            0 |          3467 |               49.6 |                0 |              49.8 |

> | [AlloprofRetrieval](https://huggingface.co/datasets/antoinelb7/alloprof) | [lyon-nlp/alloprof](https://huggingface.co/datasets/lyon-nlp/alloprof) | This dataset was provided by AlloProf, an organisation in Quebec, Canada offering resources and a help forumcurated by a large number of teachers to students on all subjects taught from in primary and secondary school | Retrieval | s2p | 1 | 2798 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 || [ArguAna](http://argumentation.bplaced.net/arguana/data)                                                                                                              | [BeIR/arguana](https://huggingface.co/datasets/BeIR/arguana)                                                                         | NFCorpus: A Full-Text Learning to Rank Dataset for Medical Information Retrieval                                                                                                                                 | Retrieval          | p2p      |          1 |              0 |            0 |         10080 |                  0 |                0 |            1052.9 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [AlloprofRetrieval](https://huggingface.co/datasets/antoinelb7/alloprof) | [lyon-nlp/alloprof](https://huggingface.co/datasets/lyon-nlp/alloprof) | This dataset was provided by AlloProf, an organisation in Quebec, Canada offering resources and a help forum curated by a large number of teachers to students on all subjects taught from in primary and secondary school | Retrieval | s2p | 1 | 2798 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
| [ArguAna](http://argumentation.bplaced.net/arguana/data)                                                                                                              | [BeIR/arguana](https://huggingface.co/datasets/BeIR/arguana)                                                                         | NFCorpus: A Full-Text Learning to Rank Dataset for Medical Information Retrieval                                                                                                                                 | Retrieval          | p2p      |          1 |              0 |            0 |         10080 |                  0 |                0 |            1052.9 |
```

> | [BSARDRetrieval](https://huggingface.co/datasets/maastrichtlawtech/bsard) | [maastrichtlawtech/bsard](https://huggingface.co/datasets/maastrichtlawtech/bsard) | The Belgian Statutory Article Retrieval Dataset (BSARD)is a French native dataset for studying legal information retrieval.BSARD consists of more than 22,600 statutory articles from Belgian lawand about 1,100 legal questions posed by Belgian citizens and labeledby experienced jurists with relevant articles from the corpus. | Retrieval | s2p | 1 | 222 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [BSARDRetrieval](https://huggingface.co/datasets/maastrichtlawtech/bsard) | [maastrichtlawtech/bsard](https://huggingface.co/datasets/maastrichtlawtech/bsard) | The Belgian Statutory Article Retrieval Dataset (BSARD) is a French native dataset for studying legal information retrieval. BSARD consists of more than 22,600 statutory articles from Belgian law and about 1,100 legal questions posed by Belgian citizens and labeled by experienced jurists with relevant articles from the corpus. | Retrieval | s2p | 1 | 222 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
```

| [FiQA2018](https://sites.google.com/view/fiqa/)                                                                                                                       | [BeIR/fiqa](https://huggingface.co/datasets/BeIR/fiqa)                                                                               | Financial Opinion Mining and Question Answering                                                                                                                                                                  | Retrieval          | s2p      |          1 |              0 |            0 |         58286 |                  0 |                0 |             760.4 |

> | [HagridRetrieval](https://github.com/project-miracl/hagrid) | [miracl/hagrid](https://huggingface.co/datasets/miracl/hagrid) | HAGRID (Human-in-the-loop Attributable Generative Retrieval for Information-seeking Dataset)is a dataset for generative information-seeking scenarios. It consists of queriesalong with a set of manually labelled relevant passages | Retrieval | s2p | 1 | 716 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [HagridRetrieval](https://github.com/project-miracl/hagrid) | [miracl/hagrid](https://huggingface.co/datasets/miracl/hagrid) | HAGRID (Human-in-the-loop Attributable Generative Retrieval for Information-seeking Dataset) is a dataset for generative information-seeking scenarios. It consists of queries along with a set of manually labelled relevant passages | Retrieval | s2p | 1 | 716 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 | 0 |
```
